DevTools 105 > Application > Manifest > Protocol Handlers (#3525)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/devtools/progressive-web-apps/index.md

1. Follow the on-screen instructions.

{% Aside 'gotchas' %}
Keep the **Console** drawer open when you trigger installation. The **Console**
tells you if your manifest has any issues and logs other information about the installation
lifecycle.
{% endAside %}

The **Install app** feature cannot simulate the workflow for mobile devices. Notice how
the desktop Chrome browser displays the installation button in the address bar, even though DevTools is in [Device Mode](/docs/devtools/device-mode/).
However, if you can successfully add your app to your desktop, then it'll work for
mobile, too.

If you want to test out the genuine mobile experience, you can connect a real mobile device to
DevTools via [remote debugging][6]. To trigger the installation on the connected mobile device, open the {% Img src="image/NJdAV9UgKuN8AhoaPBquL7giZQo1/N5Lkpdwpaz4YqRGFr2Ks.svg", alt="Three-dot menu.", width="22", height="22" %} three-dot menu and click {% Img src="image/NJdAV9UgKuN8AhoaPBquL7giZQo1/YwNSnnzuZ3dJwtVhcC4I.svg", alt="Install app.", width="24", height="24" %} **Install app**.

### Test URL protocol handler registration {: #test-protocol-handler }

> The registration of such a handler lets installed PWAs handle links that use the URL protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PWAs can handle links that use a specific protocol for a more integrated experience.
```

To learn how to create a handler, see [URL protocol handler registration for PWAs](https://web.dev/url-protocol-handler/).

To test your handler:

> 1. [Open DevTools](/docs/devtools/open/) on the landing page of your PWA. For example, check out this [demo page](https://protocol-handler.glitch.me/).

Reviewer: Missing a step. To test the protocol handler (on successful navigation), one need to first install the app and reload and register.

lifecycle.
{% endAside %}

The **Install app** feature cannot simulate the workflow for mobile devices. Notice how
the desktop Chrome browser displays the installation button in the address bar, even though DevTools is in [Device Mode](/docs/devtools/device-mode/).
However, if you can successfully add your app to your desktop, then it'll work for
mobile, too.

If you want to test out the genuine mobile experience, you can connect a real mobile device to
DevTools via [remote debugging][6]. To trigger the installation on the connected mobile device, open the {% Img src="image/NJdAV9UgKuN8AhoaPBquL7giZQo1/N5Lkpdwpaz4YqRGFr2Ks.svg", alt="Three-dot menu.", width="22", height="22" %} three-dot menu and click {% Img src="image/NJdAV9UgKuN8AhoaPBquL7giZQo1/YwNSnnzuZ3dJwtVhcC4I.svg", alt="Install app.", width="24", height="24" %} **Install app**.

### Test URL protocol handler registration {: #test-protocol-handler }

PWAs can handle links that use a specific protocol for a more integrated experience.
To learn how to create a handler, see [URL protocol handler registration for PWAs](https://web.dev/url-protocol-handler/).

To test your handler:

> 1. [Open DevTools](/docs/devtools/open/) on the landing page of your PWA. For example, check out this [demo page](https://protocol-handler.glitch.me/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Open DevTools](/docs/devtools/open/) on the landing page of your PWA. For example, check out this [demo PWA](https://protocol-handler.glitch.me/).
```

> 1. From the demo page, install the PWA and reload the app after the installation. The browser has now registered the PWA as a handler for the `web+coffee` protocol with the operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the demo page, install the PWA and reload the app after the installation. The browser has now registered the PWA as a handler for the `web+coffee` protocol.
```
